com/teampp/plugin/EditProfileActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.EditProfileActivity
com/teampp/plugin/help/NavigationHandler.java
 com.teampp.plugin.help.NavigationHandler
com/example/team/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.team.BuildConfig
com/teampp/plugin/database/TeamRepositoryImpl.java
 com.teampp.plugin.database.TeamRepositoryImpl
com/teampp/plugin/help/GetUIElement.java
 com.teampp.plugin.help.GetUIElement
com/teampp/plugin/database/UserRepositoryImpl.java
 com.teampp.plugin.database.UserRepositoryImpl
com/teampp/plugin/database/TeamDateRepositoryImpl.java
 com.teampp.plugin.database.TeamDateRepositoryImpl
com/teampp/plugin/ProfileActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.ProfileActivity
com/teampp/plugin/JoinOrCreateTeamActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.JoinOrCreateTeamActivity
com/teampp/plugin/TeamActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.TeamActivity
com/teampp/plugin/JoinTeamActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.JoinTeamActivity
com/teampp/plugin/MainActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.MainActivity
com/teampp/plugin/CreateTeamDateActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.CreateTeamDateActivity
com/teampp/plugin/database/UserTeamConnectionRepositoryImpl.java
 com.teampp.plugin.database.UserTeamConnectionRepositoryImpl
com/teampp/plugin/help/JsonHelper.java
 com.teampp.plugin.help.JsonHelper
com/teampp/plugin/help/URLHelper.java
 com.teampp.plugin.help.URLHelper
com/teampp/plugin/help/ApiHelper.java
 com.teampp.plugin.help.ApiHelper
com/teampp/plugin/help/ErrorHelper.java
 com.teampp.plugin.help.ErrorHelper
com/teampp/plugin/help/InsertDates.java
 com.teampp.plugin.help.InsertDates
com/teampp/plugin/help/ChangeActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.help.ChangeActivity
com/teampp/plugin/database/DatePromiseRepositoryImpl.java
 com.teampp.plugin.database.DatePromiseRepositoryImpl
com/teampp/plugin/help/InsertUsersOfDate.java
 com.teampp.plugin.help.InsertUsersOfDate
com/teampp/plugin/RegisterActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.RegisterActivity
com/teampp/plugin/CreateTeamActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.CreateTeamActivity
com/teampp/plugin/DateInfoActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.DateInfoActivity
com/teampp/plugin/help/InputChecker.java
 com.teampp.plugin.help.InputChecker
com/teampp/plugin/HomeActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.HomeActivity
com/teampp/plugin/LoginActivity.java
 com.teampp.plugin.LoginActivity
